---
page_title: "gluu_openid_client Resource"
---

# gluu\_openid\_client Resource

Allows for creating and managing Gluu clients that use the OpenID Connect protocol.

Clients are entities that can use Gluu for user authentication. Typically,
clients are applications that redirect users to Gluu for authentication
in order to take advantage of Gluu's user sessions for SSO.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "gluu_openid_client" "openid_client" {
  client_id           = "test-client"

  name                = "test client"
  enabled             = true

  access_type         = "CONFIDENTIAL"
  valid_redirect_uris = [
    "http://localhost:8080/openid-callback"
  ]

  login_theme = "gluu"

  extra_config = {
    "key1" = "value1"
    "key2" = "value2"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

- `client_id` - (Required) The Client ID for this client, referenced in the URI during authentication and in issued tokens.
- `name` - (Optional) The display name of this client in the GUI.
- `enabled` - (Optional) When `false`, this client will not be able to initiate a login or obtain access tokens. Defaults to `true`.
- `description` - (Optional) The description of this client in the GUI.
- `access_type` - (Required) Specifies the type of client, which can be one of the following:
  - `CONFIDENTIAL` - Used for server-side clients that require both client ID and secret when authenticating.
      This client should be used for applications using the Authorization Code or Client Credentials grant flows.
  - `PUBLIC` - Used for browser-only applications that do not require a client secret, and instead rely only on authorized redirect
      URIs for security. This client should be used for applications using the Implicit grant flow.
  - `BEARER-ONLY` - Used for services that never initiate a login. This client will only allow bearer token requests.
- `client_secret` - (Optional) The secret for clients with an `access_type` of `CONFIDENTIAL` or `BEARER-ONLY`. This value is sensitive and should be treated with the same care as a password. If omitted, this will be generated by Gluu.
- `client_authenticator_type` - (Optional) Defaults to `client-secret` The authenticator type for clients with an `access_type` of `CONFIDENTIAL` or `BEARER-ONLY`. Can be one of the following:
  - `client-secret` (Default) Use client id and client secret to authenticate client.
  - `client-jwt` Use signed JWT to authenticate client. Set signing algorithm in `extra_config` with `attributes.token.endpoint.auth.signing.alg = <alg>`
  - `client-x509` Use x509 certificate to authenticate client. Set Subject DN in `extra_config` with `attributes.x509.subjectdn = <subjectDn>`
  - `client-secret-jwt` Use signed JWT with client secret to authenticate client. Set signing algorithm in `extra_config` with `attributes.token.endpoint.auth.signing.alg = <alg>`
- `standard_flow_enabled` - (Optional) When `true`, the OAuth2 Authorization Code Grant will be enabled for this client. Defaults to `false`.
- `implicit_flow_enabled` - (Optional) When `true`, the OAuth2 Implicit Grant will be enabled for this client. Defaults to `false`.
- `direct_access_grants_enabled` - (Optional) When `true`, the OAuth2 Resource Owner Password Grant will be enabled for this client. Defaults to `false`.
- `service_accounts_enabled` - (Optional) When `true`, the OAuth2 Client Credentials grant will be enabled for this client. Defaults to `false`.
- `frontchannel_logout_enabled` - (Optional) When `true`, frontchannel logout will be enabled for this client. Specify the url with `frontchannel_logout_url`. Defaults to `false`.
- `frontchannel_logout_url` - (Optional) The frontchannel logout url. This is applicable only when `frontchannel_logout_enabled` is `true`.
- `valid_redirect_uris` - (Optional) A list of valid URIs a browser is permitted to redirect to after a successful login or logout. Simple
wildcards in the form of an asterisk can be used here. This attribute must be set if either `standard_flow_enabled` or `implicit_flow_enabled`
is set to `true`.
- `web_origins` - (Optional) A list of allowed CORS origins. To permit all valid redirect URIs, add `+`. Note that this will not include the `*` wildcard. To permit all origins, explicitly add `*`."
- `root_url` - (Optional) When specified, this URL is prepended to any relative URLs found within `valid_redirect_uris`, `web_origins`, and `admin_url`. NOTE: Due to limitations in the Gluu API, when the `root_url` attribute is used, the `valid_redirect_uris`, `web_origins`, and `admin_url` attributes will be required.
- `admin_url` - (Optional) URL to the admin interface of the client.
- `base_url` - (Optional) Default URL to use when the auth server needs to redirect or link back to the client.

## Attributes Reference

- `service_account_user_id` - (Computed) When service accounts are enabled for this client, this attribute is the unique ID for the Gluu user that represents this service account.
- `resource_server_id` - (Computed) When authorization is enabled for this client, this attribute is the unique ID for the client (the same value as the `.id` attribute).

## Import

Clients can be imported using the format `{{client_gluu_id}}`, where `client_gluu_id` is the unique ID that Gluu
assigns to the client upon creation. This value can be found in the URI when editing this client in the GUI, and is typically a GUID.

Example:

```bash
terraform import gluu_openid_client.openid_client dcbc4c73-e478-4928-ae2e-d5e420223352
```
